"Tell me about your experience and education in the field of IT."
Answer: "I have a degree in Computer Science and have been working in the IT industry for [X] years. I have experience in [specific technologies or programming languages] and have worked on projects ranging from [project examples]. I am always looking to learn and stay up-to-date with new technologies and best practices."

"What do you consider your biggest strength in the field of IT?"
Answer: "I consider my biggest strength to be my ability to problem-solve and find creative solutions to technical challenges. I have a strong foundation in [specific technologies or programming languages] and am able to apply this knowledge to new situations. I am also a strong communicator and able to explain technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences."

"What do you consider your biggest weakness in the field of IT?"
Answer: "One area that I am continuously working on improving is [specific skill or technology]. While I have a good understanding of it, I am always looking for opportunities to learn more and become proficient in it. I believe that it is important to recognize areas for improvement and actively work on them in order to become a better technologist."

"How do you stay up-to-date with new technologies and best practices in the field of IT?"
Answer: "I stay up-to-date with new technologies and best practices by reading industry blogs and publications, attending conferences and workshops, and participating in online communities and forums. I also make an effort to constantly learn and experiment with new technologies in my spare time."

"Tell me about a time when you had to troubleshoot a technical issue. How did you approach the problem and what was the outcome?"
Answer: "One time, I had to troubleshoot an issue with a [specific technology or system]. I approached the problem by first gathering as much information as possible about the issue, including reproducing the problem and reviewing any relevant logs or error messages. I then brainstormed potential solutions and tested them until I was able to identify the root cause of the problem. The outcome was that I was able to resolve the issue and prevent it from occurring again in the future."




TTR101 - Fade-in Animation when Scroll in your Website

This blog shows how to create a fade-in animation when scrolling down the page. It is often used on the website landing page. Here we will use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

Here are the steps to use it;

First, in each section or div of your landing page put "reveal" in a class.
Example: Imagine that you have 3 Sections on your landing page. The first one is "home", next is "product", and lastly "contact us".

Sample code:
<section id="home"><

Note: You can use any other class name.



















